# Changelog for version 2

## [v2](https://codeberg.org/salif/linkita/compare/e3ad1ee483..044de84d35)

- Rename the local storage key for the color scheme.
- Always show translation button on bilingual pages.
- Add support for `extra.profile` frontmatter variable in the `pages.html` and `archive.html` templates.
- Remove `extra.open_graph.cover_type` frontmatter variable.
- Add localization for Simplified Chinese, Turkish, Arabic, Korean, Japanese, French, and Spanish.
- Add localization for Czech.
- Add `extra.post_navigation` config variable and reverse post navigation direction.
  It can be reverted by setting `extra.post_navigation = "reversed"` config variable.
- Deprecate `extra.goatcounter.src` config variable.
- Add social icons for `linkedin`, `mastodon`, `matrix`, `youtube`.
- Self-host KaTeX, instantpage, and gc. It can be reverted by setting `extra.use_cdn = true` config variable.
- Rename `extra.open_graph.cover_width` frontmatter variable to `extra.cover.width` and
  `extra.open_graph.cover_height` to `extra.cover.height`.
- Rename `extra.languages[lang].art_x_lang` config variable to `extra.languages[lang].language_code`.
- Convert the project template to shortcode. Use the `pages.html` template instead and
  use `projects(path="data.toml", format="toml")` shortcode.
- Add `extra.toc` config and frontmatter variable. Table of contents can be disabled by setting to `false`.
  It can be expanded by default by setting `toc = { open = true }`.
- Add `head_end` inject point and put `injects/head` before js and css files.
  You may need to rename your `injects/head.html` file to `injects/head_end.html`.
- Remove the `extra.post_navigation` config variable and add `extra.invert_page_navigation` config variable.
- Remove the `email` and `url` config variables of `extra.profiles.your_username` as they are not used anywhere.
- Replace `taxonomy_list_description` with `taxonomy_descriptions[taxonomy.name]` and
  `taxonomy_single_description` with `term_descriptions[taxonomy.name]`.
- Rename the `width-scroll` class to `horizontal-scroll`.
- Apply linebreaksbr and truncate to title and description in head.
- Add `extra.page_summary_on_paginator` config and frontmatter variable to prioritize summary over description.
